readme.md, before:

# ZeroDay
ZeroDay is a 2D pixel art top-down RPG about Chris, a hacker that has arrived in a city with great opportunities. Though, a company, Pear Computers, has somehow taken over the government of the entire country and now tracks everything everyone does in the country. They have cameras on every corner, and your face automatically gets registered when you enter the country. You, as the main character, are supposed to bring the company to the ground by breaking into their servers to hack them. You also need to accumulate people as a resistance against the now overtaken government to bring it back to order and get people’s privacy back and their saved data that Pear Computers accumulated destroyed.

<div align="center" style="margin: 2rem 0;">
  <a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/boreddevhq" target="_blank" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-%F0%9F%92%9C-purple?style=for-the-badge&logo=buymeacoffee&logoColor=white" alt="Buy Me A Coffee Badge"/>
  </a>
</div>

## Changelog

### V.1.1.0
The end of the road.. For now. If there is enough demand i might continue with the story, i'll only be providing/approving bug fixes.
```md
+ Mission 4
+ Story ending
+ Skip button
+ Following NPC
```

### v.1.0.3
```md
+ Mission 3 end
+ minor bug fixes
```

### v.1.0.2
```md
+ Game Over Screen
+ Boss fight (big chonkah)
+ Mission 3 (???)
+ Splash screen
+ Sound effects (sword/hit/talking)
+ simulated blood (health <40%)
+ End screen
```


### v1.0.11
```md
+ XP saving fix on room "arenafight1" --> "arenad1"
```

### v1.0.1
The second pre-alpha version has been released!
```md
V1.0.1 changelog:
+ Mission 1 "The Intro" 
+ Mission 2 "Fuck, you." 
+ Basic introduction to fighting mechanics
+ Crawler (Enemy)
+ Rectangle float (Enemy)
```

### V1.0.0
The first version is officially released! 🎉
The first mission has been mostly completed. It is a very simple introduction, and the story will most likely get changed later. This is just a preview of what it will be later.
So, keep in mind, it is an alpha version, it will have bugs and it is NOT polished at all.



### pre-Alpha testers which give helpful feedback will be added to the credits of ZeroDay!
It is now open for early alpha testing on [GX.games](https://gx.games/games/g6s0ok/zeroday/tracks/17711848-dec2-4c0d-a380-1f9f28275100/).  
It will later be added to the following platforms:
<ul>
  <li>Mac</li>
  <li>Windows</li>
  <li>Linux</li>
  <li>and of course also stay on gx.games.</li>
</ul>





# Credits
**Main Developer, Graphics Designer and Story Writer:** Chris </br>
**Donators:**
**Alpha Testers:**

Commit message:

New compiled DMG/ZIP
New compiled dmg for macos and a gxgames zip file, instructions for the dmg are in the readme.

readme.md, after:

# ZeroDay
ZeroDay is a 2D pixel art top-down RPG about Chris, a hacker that has arrived in a city with great opportunities. Though, a company, Pear Computers, has somehow taken over the government of the entire country and now tracks everything everyone does in the country. They have cameras on every corner, and your face automatically gets registered when you enter the country. You, as the main character, are supposed to bring the company to the ground by breaking into their servers to hack them. You also need to accumulate people as a resistance against the now overtaken government to bring it back to order and get people’s privacy back and their saved data that Pear Computers accumulated destroyed.

<div align="center" style="margin: 2rem 0;">
  <a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/boreddevhq" target="_blank" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-%F0%9F%92%9C-purple?style=for-the-badge&logo=buymeacoffee&logoColor=white" alt="Buy Me A Coffee Badge"/>
  </a>
</div>

## Changelog

### V.1.1.1
There is now an included MacOS compiled file, since i don't have an apple developer account, i dont have signing certificates. If you do trust me as a developer, you can "sign it yourself" for your own device with the following commands:
```bash
chmod +x /Applications/Zeroday.app/Contents/MacOS/Mac_Runner
codesign --remove-signature /Applications/Zeroday.app/Contents/MacOS/Mac_Runner
strip -x /Applications/Zeroday.app/Contents/MacOS/Mac_Runner
codesign --force --deep --sign - /Applications/Zeroday.app
```
```md
+ New icons on health and xp bars
/ followers turned back to xp
```

### V.1.1.0
The end of the road.. For now. If there is enough demand i might continue with the story, i'll only be providing/approving bug fixes.
```md
+ Mission 4
+ Story ending
+ Skip button
+ Following NPC
```

### v.1.0.3
```md
+ Mission 3 end
+ minor bug fixes
```

### v.1.0.2
```md
+ Game Over Screen
+ Boss fight (big chonkah)
+ Mission 3 (???)
+ Splash screen
+ Sound effects (sword/hit/talking)
+ simulated blood (health <40%)
+ End screen
```


### v1.0.11
```md
+ XP saving fix on room "arenafight1" --> "arenad1"
```

### v1.0.1
The second pre-alpha version has been released!
```md
V1.0.1 changelog:
+ Mission 1 "The Intro" 
+ Mission 2 "Fuck, you." 
+ Basic introduction to fighting mechanics
+ Crawler (Enemy)
+ Rectangle float (Enemy)
```

### V1.0.0
The first version is officially released! 🎉
The first mission has been mostly completed. It is a very simple introduction, and the story will most likely get changed later. This is just a preview of what it will be later.
So, keep in mind, it is an alpha version, it will have bugs and it is NOT polished at all.



### pre-Alpha testers which give helpful feedback will be added to the credits of ZeroDay!
It is now open for early alpha testing on [GX.games](https://gx.games/games/g6s0ok/zeroday/tracks/17711848-dec2-4c0d-a380-1f9f28275100/).  
It will later be added to the following platforms:
<ul>
  <li>Mac</li>
  <li>Windows</li>
  <li>Linux</li>
  <li>and of course also stay on gx.games.</li>
</ul>





# Credits
**Main Developer, Graphics Designer and Story Writer:** Chris </br>
**Donators:**
**Alpha Testers:**
